current tasks:
  upload submissions as po file / zip
  assigning stuff to people (package + email too)
  - upload completed work (by maintainer)
  - what has been returned, what hasn't
  - ability to send work to people
  - let maintainer add people manually
  - create / review goals
  localize pootle
  - create po files
  - set language on login (and detect languages from browser)
  priorities (directory/file order)
  process (administrators/translators/reviewers)
  locking
  allow search to display only items related to search (no context)
  add ability to email bug report

requirements for translatathon:
  assigning stuff to people (with permissions)
    - both translation and review
  attribution (based on login)
    ? where to put it
    - last translator
    - comment with everyone at top of po file
    - comment in suggestion
  translation review cycle
    - comment to explain rejection
  highlight spaces in original so you can see what is a space

other:
  handle plurals properly (currently ignored)
  add ability to mark/unmark things as fuzzy
  move the sidebar to be like distributed proofreaders (at the top, small)
  test with apache multiprocess
  store a history file
  maybe have a separate file to track who translated each string
  display results of checks for each string on submission
  handle language subtypes (regions)
  handle project versions
  have clickable characters to add for a language (mostly useful for diacritics)
  a reviewer can mark as string as fuzzy but not provide a translation (in
    order to browse and fixup things like af KDE.
  integrate with KBabel/POEdit
  allow XLIFF version of files to be uploaded
  show KDE and other PO comments in some uncluttered but accesible way
  create .qm (compiled Qt .ts files).  See lrelease which is GPL'd for Qt .qm files
  create XPI files automatically when updates are made
  Add X-Poedit style tags in the header when you download so that people using
    this PO editor don't have to configure everything
  stats:
    percentage change.  So you can see if a language/project is active or not.
  if there is only one .PO firl for a project then merge the header bar and the
    PO file bar to make it less clutered and more logical.
  goto a specific message.  Maybe a better thing to have a bar graph showing
    what bits aren't translated and jump straight to that.
  localisation: create a fallback mechanism so you can set a number of
    languages: Bambara, French then default to English.
  three column translation: English, Other language, Destination Language.  So
    that a French speaker can translate into Bambarra with little English

bugs:
  suggestion msgid comments get incorporated into main po file! this *totally* confuses things, item numbers seem to get messed up too...
  currently project codes cannot have a dash "-" in them eg kde-i18n.  Either
    we should allow or warn when starting pootle.
  header entries get jumbled when we update them.  Technically not an issue but
    creates quite a lot of CVS noise

assignment:
  assign to a group
  lock at the user level - only one person per file
  translatathon:
    30 people
    time-consuming:
      choosing who does what
      wordcounts would help
    at the end, not sure what to assign...

feedback from Durban translatathon:
  regenerate Pootle PO files on web
  autocreate POT files when packaging
  upload SA translations
  word counts, not just string counts
  some timeouts
  automatic tips for things like accelerators
  tutorial PO file
  search failing on assigns, message is cryptic
  stats on translation

